README.md, before:

# Versioning
This is version 1.3.2 of the expressive reflection library.

This package is available from nuget at: https://www.nuget.org/packages/ExpressiveReflection/1.3.2

This package is also available from nuget as an embeddable sources package at: https://www.nuget.org/packages/ExpressiveReflection.Sources/1.3.2

The source for this release is available on github at: https://github.com/hannasm/ExpressiveReflectionDotNet/releases/tag/1.3.2

# ExpressiveReflectionDotnet
This is a .NET library for simplifying reflection / metadata programming and making 
any code related to reflection more readable and maintainable. This library includes
a collection of reflection related tools that would be cumbersome to implement yourself
each time you need them, but aren't available in the .NET framework directly. 

This library also presents an interface for using  .NET reflection APIs, 
based on expression tree syntax first introduced with LINQ, and makes it trivially
simple to access code metadata, in the same way that you would access those properties
in normal code.

# Expression Tree Syntax

Let's take a look at some simple examples of how to do reflection using expression tree syntax:

#### Lookup a property from the string class
```C# 
using ExpressiveReflection;

Reflection.GetMember(()=>default(string).Length); // returns PropertyInfo for string.Length
```

#### Lookup a method of the string class
```C#
using ExpressiveReflection;

Reflection.GetMethod(()=>default(string).Substring(default(int), default(int)); // returns MethodInfo for string.Substring(int,int) 
```

#### Lookup the constructor to create a decimal from long
```C#
using ExpressiveReflection;

Reflection.GetConstructor(()=>new decimal(default(long))); // returns constructorInfo for new decimal(string)
```

The ExpressiveReflection.Reflection class exposes all of the reflection methods from a single central location.

# Tests
There is a fairly comprehensive set of unit tests, and additionald examples demonstrating functionality can be found there.

# Changelog 
## 1.3.2
  * 1.3.2 - Implemented a MemberReflection.Transmute() method to complement the other Transmute() offerings
  * 1.3.2 - rewrite constructorReflection.Transmute() to use same MetadataToken trick that the MethodReflection.Transmtue() relies on

## 1.3.1
  * 1.3.1 - Fix for bug in MethodReflection.Transmute() leading to completely random method derivations being returned
  * 1.3.1 - Fix for bug in ConstructorReflection.Transmute() leading to no transmute operation taking place

## 1.3.0
  * added Transmute() methods for Constructors / Methods / Types allowing quick change of generic type arguments
  * added a few new overloads to MethodReflection.From() to allow support for methods returning void

## 1.2.7
  * added collection reflection with helpers for coercing a type to / from IEnumerable

## 1.2.6
  * apparently the binary nuget package didn't have a dll in it

## 1.2.5 
  * fixing an issue with the comments produced in source distribution

## 1.2.4
  * after hitting some issues with filesystem path length limitations renaming the folder the Sources package installs to in the hopes of minimizing the filename slizes

## 1.2.3
  * last attempt at packaging didn't work right when multiple projcets included the same package in the solution so rewrote it again to use .pp transformations

## 1.2.2
 * this is a large scale rewrite of the Sources distrbution, making this Sources package safer for use, however no new functionality was added otherwise

## 1.2.1 
 * bumping the version simply to fix some cosmetic issues with the nuget packages

## 1.2.0 
 * added getValue(MemberInfo) / setValue(MemberInfo) methods to MemberReflection
 * add ExpressiveReflection.Extensions namespace and exposed most functionality as extension methods on their corresponding types

## 1.1.0
Add Reflection.GetMemberName() / Reflection.GetMethodName() / Reflection.GetTypeName()

## 1.0.1
Initial release

Commit message:

Update Transmute() code in all affected reflection apis, with fix for overlapping metadata tokens, i don't have the OCD to try and reproduce a test case for this, though i have a feeling it would have something to do with the number of classes / fields / members / properties that are delcared inside a single module bumping version number to 1.3.3

README.md, after:

# Versioning
This is version 1.3.3 of the expressive reflection library.

This package is available from nuget at: https://www.nuget.org/packages/ExpressiveReflection/1.3.3

This package is also available from nuget as an embeddable sources package at: https://www.nuget.org/packages/ExpressiveReflection.Sources/1.3.3

The source for this release is available on github at: https://github.com/hannasm/ExpressiveReflectionDotNet/releases/tag/1.3.3

# ExpressiveReflectionDotnet
This is a .NET library for simplifying reflection / metadata programming and making 
any code related to reflection more readable and maintainable. This library includes
a collection of reflection related tools that would be cumbersome to implement yourself
each time you need them, but aren't available in the .NET framework directly. 

This library also presents an interface for using  .NET reflection APIs, 
based on expression tree syntax first introduced with LINQ, and makes it trivially
simple to access code metadata, in the same way that you would access those properties
in normal code.

# Expression Tree Syntax

Let's take a look at some simple examples of how to do reflection using expression tree syntax:

#### Lookup a property from the string class
```C# 
using ExpressiveReflection;

Reflection.GetMember(()=>default(string).Length); // returns PropertyInfo for string.Length
```

#### Lookup a method of the string class
```C#
using ExpressiveReflection;

Reflection.GetMethod(()=>default(string).Substring(default(int), default(int)); // returns MethodInfo for string.Substring(int,int) 
```

#### Lookup the constructor to create a decimal from long
```C#
using ExpressiveReflection;

Reflection.GetConstructor(()=>new decimal(default(long))); // returns constructorInfo for new decimal(string)
```

The ExpressiveReflection.Reflection class exposes all of the reflection methods from a single central location.

# Tests
There is a fairly comprehensive set of unit tests, and additionald examples demonstrating functionality can be found there.

# Changelog 
## 1.3.3
  * 1.3.3 - Fix issues with Transmute(), where two separate members defined on the same type have the same metadata toekn, because the two members are declared in different modules and by chance they happened to overlap

## 1.3.2
  * 1.3.2 - Implemented a MemberReflection.Transmute() method to complement the other Transmute() offerings
  * 1.3.2 - rewrite constructorReflection.Transmute() to use same MetadataToken trick that the MethodReflection.Transmtue() relies on

## 1.3.1
  * 1.3.1 - Fix for bug in MethodReflection.Transmute() leading to completely random method derivations being returned
  * 1.3.1 - Fix for bug in ConstructorReflection.Transmute() leading to no transmute operation taking place

## 1.3.0
  * added Transmute() methods for Constructors / Methods / Types allowing quick change of generic type arguments
  * added a few new overloads to MethodReflection.From() to allow support for methods returning void

## 1.2.7
  * added collection reflection with helpers for coercing a type to / from IEnumerable

## 1.2.6
  * apparently the binary nuget package didn't have a dll in it

## 1.2.5 
  * fixing an issue with the comments produced in source distribution

## 1.2.4
  * after hitting some issues with filesystem path length limitations renaming the folder the Sources package installs to in the hopes of minimizing the filename slizes

## 1.2.3
  * last attempt at packaging didn't work right when multiple projcets included the same package in the solution so rewrote it again to use .pp transformations

## 1.2.2
 * this is a large scale rewrite of the Sources distrbution, making this Sources package safer for use, however no new functionality was added otherwise

## 1.2.1 
 * bumping the version simply to fix some cosmetic issues with the nuget packages

## 1.2.0 
 * added getValue(MemberInfo) / setValue(MemberInfo) methods to MemberReflection
 * add ExpressiveReflection.Extensions namespace and exposed most functionality as extension methods on their corresponding types

## 1.1.0
Add Reflection.GetMemberName() / Reflection.GetMethodName() / Reflection.GetTypeName()

## 1.0.1
Initial release
